Sigrid Chamberlain
Age: 27
She was there during the destruction of Muntier. It was one of the first cities destroyed in the onslaught. She woke up under the rubble of her home and was able to squeeze her way out.
Leopold Xavier
Age: 33
A nomad who travelled through the kingdom. He visited almost every town or city and therefore knows alot about the landscape and is saddened at every destroyed town.
Mathilda Yarborough
Age: 40
She fought demons for the kingdom even before the war. She has seen such horrors. She thoughts nothing could surprise her, but the war is the most horrific thing she has seen.
Brenna Carpenter
Age: 20
She just can’t bother to see the difference between now and 8 years ago. She lost people then, it’s just that she loses more now.
Nicole Baker
Age: 57
The oldest person in the kingdom now. Her fierce protectiveness for her family leads her to be a great warrior.
Col Baker
Age: 36
He has always followed in his mothers footsteps. Therefore he followed suit into battle. Always ready to protect his mother.
Colette Baker
Age: 30
Tough and hard headed, she fights brutally and gruff. But she never misses the chance to gorge on sweet things.
Oliver Gestour
Age: 35
Can somehow still joke and have fun during downtimes. His cling to hope is fascinating.
Borko Caldwell
Age: 32
He is thick like a demons hide, but he has a heart of a true knight.
Ivar Godwin
Age: 17
He was a willing recruit as a soldier. He is constantly romanticizing the job and is one of the few with great hope left.
Hildeth Pendragon
Age: 21
She is a very scared person, but she wants to prove herselves fiercely. Therefore she makes dumb mistakes.
Victoria Fitzgerald
Age: 25
Her mom previously had this role before her head was ripped off. Now Victoria seeks revenge.
Berenice Ironside
Age: 45
One of the great blacksmith in the capital, but when soldiers started to run short she was recruited in.
Tilda Quenell
Age: 22
Her parents raised a strong resilience in her. So she sees a distant future of hope, but there still a glance over her eyes from the people she has lost.
Luthera Guinevere
Age: 28
A noblewoman who has now been dragged into the war. She hates the uncleanness of the war.
Maude Lumley
Age: 31
She has a strong swing she got by cleaving meat in her butcher shop.
Esme Blackwater
Age: 18
She joined the army as fast as she could, just so she could die with some purpose.
Wilma Oakshield
Age: 39
Every calm moment she looks down a bottle. Seeing the faces of all she failed to protect in the alcohol.
Erika Blackwood
Age: 32
Her village often had demon attacks before the war. So she grew up in an environment of horrid violence. But she got used to it, she even started to love it.
Annora Falkenrath
Age: 25
A peasant, drafted early in the war with her family. It’s only her and her younger sister left.
Desislava Morgansson
Age: 33
The daughter of a fisherman, her father was killed by a demon that snuck on the boat. Her only family gone.
Agatha Carver
Age: 43
She’s tired. She holds resentment for all who can be blamed. Her fury is ice cool.
Maxim Grimm
Age: 24
Ask one of the few people still alive who knew him 5 years ago and you will hear about his giant beautiful smile. Because you will never see it anymore.
Frost Norbury
Age: 14
Despite his young age he is very intelligent and despite his name he doesn’t like winters.
Ferdinand Guinevere
Age: 28
Think of himself as the best combaten. New in this war he will soon learn otherwise or meet a demons jaw.
Baldwin Marsden
Age: 40
Liked by few. He has a rough skin and a sharp tongue. He wishes to return to his cabin in the woods.
Wilkie Inglewood
Age: 19
Wilkie the wimp he was called. But as a wimp he hid while his village was mauled. And now his blood scalds.
Harold Godfrey
Age: 46
A cleric who let people take cover in his cathedral. He slowly gave up on his pacifism by seeing how much pain swept through it each day.
Dragan Lovelace
Age: 24
He hope to find his true love somehow. Therefore he fights for a future to settle down.
Bridget Axton
Age: 30
She’s grateful that she is now a soldier, because of her past as an executioner.
Emmerich Quill
Age: 29
He doesn’t talk anymore. So traumatized he can’t.